 Scenarios for the smart policy 

Step 1 - The user logs into the system .
Step 2 - The user selects the operation he wants to go ahead with either merge or compare .
Step 3 - The user is taken to the respective page.
Step 4 - There the user will be able to upload the diagrams that he needs to compare or merge 
Step 6 - The User will then go on to select the Domain/Context.
Step 7 - The Context will be defined by the policy manager. The policy manager will be some one who will
         be a knowledgeable person who has complete knowledge of the requirements for the problem statement 
         The context. The context will be defined according to the probolem statement. Each context will be 
         specific to a certain functionality and will be a small funtion of the project.
Step 8 - In our project the Context will be made explicit by displayig the definition in a text box.
Step 9 - In the current state the example of a context can be derived from the computer class diagram.
Step 10- Each context will be associated with a set of policies and these policies inturn will be associated with a 
         set of metrics.
Step 11- There can be a default policy when the user selects the context. 
Step 12- Under the context there can be multiple policies . But to a particular context only one policy can be  
         applied to a particluar context. 
Step 13- Each policy under the context will be associated with a set of metrics these metrics can be anything 
         ranging from number of classes to number of aggregations to generalizations ...
Step 14- The user can also select one policy on the basis of the metrics .Each policy can have several metrics 
         these metrics can be either overlapping or can be independent policy to policy. 
Step 16- The point where the user selects the context can be either after or before he compares the diagram.
Step 17- If its after hitting compare then there will be a interface which will decide the policy to be applied.
Step 18- Idea of Custom metrics.
         The policy can be also such that it can be tweaked. We can change the values of the metrics or the range of
         the metrics associated with each policy. But these changes can either be approved by the policy manager 
         or they can be changed by the user. It can also be changed by the user as it will only be in the realm 
         of those particular metrics. 
         For example in websites for buying old cars we can select the price range and the year range.. 
Step 19- The metrics should have a range instead of a specific value.

The policy manager should perform the following functions 
1)Identification of classes . This will depend on the problem statement.Thepolicy manager should identify nouns 
pronouns and noun phrases from the problem statement. 
2) use subject matter expertise to apply to the identification of classes and filter out redundancy.

For Example 
Considering the class diagrams created by Seth and prasanna for the class diagram problem.

The policy says that there should be a high level of abstraction and minimum generalization
The metrics related to the above policy are number of classes and number of generalizations.
Let us say for example the number of base classes should not exceed 5 and the range of classes is 3-5 
The number of generalizations in the entire class diagram should not be more than 15 and the range is 10-15

After evaluation of both the diagrams its clear that Seths diagram is better than Prasannas diagram if compared to 
the above policy.Assigning weights to classes and the generalizations we get a value which ever is the lower value 
that would be a better diagram.





